implemented on the iris data set, same random forest classifier. Now we load the same steps. We load
the iris, the x and the y, then define the objective function again, again, same, same stuff. So we are
defining the parameters. These parameters, instead of having it as a dictionary, we are estimating,
we are creating separate objects for the parameters, then pass them into the random forest classifier.
So these values are going directly inside. All right. Then we are computing the score. And since we
want to minimize, it is always going to be minimized here. We are getting the score and adding a negative
to it. So now it's going to be, even though this is an accuracy, we are going to minimize here because
this is having a negative sign. So that is done. We set the bounds for the various, various hyper
parameters. We are defining the bounds and call GPyOpt dot methods Bayesian optimization. We pass the
objective function bounds and acquisition function type equal to ei expected improvement. You could also
try the other options, especially the UCB option, which could also work well. Now, once that is done,
we run the optimization, then get the best parameters, convert to integer values, and then